src/introduction.md, before:

### What is the problem?

Recursion is difficult to teach and learn, or is it?
Perhaps it is only difficult, because we make it appear so.
McCauley, Hanks, Fitzgerald, & Murphy (2015) speculate that our bias of recursion as being difficult to write and learn stems from how we teach it; that is, students find recursion hard because instructors find it hard as well.
This causes students to believe that recursion is difficult, and thus will spend less time understanding recursion, rationalizing with themselves that recursion is hard.
There are a few studies suggesting otherwise, that iteration is actually no easier than recursion (Mirolo, 2012) and that few disagree that recursion is difficult for novices to learn. (Gunion, Milford, & Stege, 2009)
These studies tell us that we might be wrong in our preconceptions of recursion, and that it probably isn't as difficult as it sounds.
This also shows us that the problem isn't with the students or the concept, but the pedagogy in use.
 
Furthermore, learning to write base cases have also been identified as problematic. (Murphy, Fitzgerald, Grissom, & McCauley, 2015)
In their research they found that most of the errors made by students related to writing recursive code for a tree traversal were regarding base cases.
The students were missing or writing malformed base cases for their solutions.
This might be because how we teach recursion does not stress the importance of the base case.

### Why is it important to solve now?

Commit message:

Add another paragraph to intro

src/introduction.md, after:

### What is the problem?

Recursion is difficult to teach and learn, or is it?
Perhaps it is only difficult, because we make it appear so.
McCauley, Hanks, Fitzgerald, & Murphy (2015) speculate that our bias of recursion as being difficult to write and learn stems from how we teach it; that is, students find recursion hard because instructors find it hard as well.
This causes students to believe that recursion is difficult, and thus will spend less time understanding recursion, rationalizing with themselves that recursion is hard.
There are a few studies suggesting otherwise, that iteration is actually no easier than recursion (Mirolo, 2012) and that few disagree that recursion is difficult for novices to learn. (Gunion, Milford, & Stege, 2009)
These studies tell us that we might be wrong in our preconceptions of recursion, and that it probably isn't as difficult as it sounds.
This also shows us that the problem isn't with the students or the concept, but the pedagogy in use.
 
Furthermore, learning to write base cases have also been identified as problematic. (Murphy, Fitzgerald, Grissom, & McCauley, 2015b)
In their research they found that most of the errors made by students related to writing recursive code for a tree traversal were regarding base cases.
The students were missing or writing malformed base cases for their solutions.
This might be because how we teach recursion does not stress the importance of the base case.
 
Another problem is the lack of studies regarding student comprehension of recursion.
Simply put, we don't know what students are thinking about when they try to comprehend recursive code. (McCauley, 2015b)
Mirolo (2011) also finds wide ranging comparisons of students' mastery over iteration vs recursion is scarce.
There isn't enough studies on recursion out there, unlike some other field in Computer Science.

### Why is it important to solve now?
